README.md, before:

You are now in SpatialHydrology directory. This is home directory to run SpatHy
with Django www-server.

SpatHy model with sample data can be found in Spathy directory.
Vihti arcGIS data is in slauniainen directory.

To fetch FMI data from 'weather' database at Luke
see ildata.py in weather/ildata directory.
Run 'python ildata.py --help' for usage.

To fetch weather forecast from Norway database
see weather/yrforcast/yrforecast.py and the first
function forecast_yr (experimantal only). To write
dataframe returned to excel see the last function
write_excel. Run 'python yrforecast.py -h' for usage.

All python files require now python3.4 or higher.  It is recommended to create
python virtual environment (name it e.g. 'spathy'), activate it and install the following
packages with pip (pip install <package.name>):

1. scipy
2. matplotlib
3. cython
4. netcdf4
5. pandas
6. pillow
7. psycopg2
8. seaborn
9. xlswriter

In 'spathy/lib64/python3.4/site-packages' you should then have (in alphabetcal order):

1. cftime
2. cycler
3. Cython
4. dateutil
5. django
6. kiwisolver
7. matplotlib
8. netCDF4
9. numpy
10. pandas
11. Pillow
12. psycopg2
13. pymysql
14. pyparsing
15. python_dateutil
16. pytz
17. pyximport
18. scipy
19. seaborn
20. spotpy
21. xlsxwriter

Commit message:

Improved the description of this module and the its usage.

README.md, after:

You are now in DjangoSpaFHy directory. This is home directory to 
run SpaFHy with Django www-server.

DjangoSpaFHy assumes that the required modules (from git repository)
are cloned (git clone) side by side as follows:

    DjangoSpaFHy
    SpaFHy
    SpaFHyData
    SpaFHyWeather

SpaFHy is the SpatialHydrology model itself.
SpaFHyData shall contain catchment data for
the areas to be simulated. (Data is not
necessary in git, contact Samuli Launiainen
for details).
SpaFHyWeather contain python scripts to fetch
weather data from Luke 'weather' database 
and from Norway (forecasts, at the moment experimental)
See the README files in these modules for deatils.

Python files in DjangoSpaFHy, SpaFHyWeather and in SpaFHy
require now python3.4 or higher and python packages
they depend on. It is recommended (read: mandatory)
to create python virtual environment  common to 
these three modules (name it e.g. 'spathy') 
and activate it. To create a virtual environment 
in python see 'https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html'
Then  install the following packages with 
pip (pip install <package name>):

1. scipy
2. matplotlib
3. cython
4. netcdf4
5. pandas
6. pillow
7. psycopg2
8. seaborn
9. xlswriter

In 'spathy/lib64/python3.4/site-packages' you should then have (in alphabetcal order):

1. cftime
2. cycler
3. Cython
4. dateutil
5. django
6. kiwisolver
7. matplotlib
8. netCDF4
9. numpy
10. pandas
11. Pillow
12. psycopg2
13. pymysql
14. pyparsing
15. python_dateutil
16. pytz
17. pyximport
18. scipy
19. seaborn
20. spotpy
21. xlsxwriter
